.\" Copyright (C) 2008-10 VideoLAN
.\" Author: Rohit Yadav <rohityadav89@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License 
.\" along with this; if not write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.
.\" 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307  USA
.TH VLMC 1 "Oct 4, 2010"
.SH NAME
vlmc \- VideoLAN Movie Creator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vlmc
.RI [ OPTIONS ]...
.RI [ filename|URI ]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
VideoLAN Movie Creator (VLMC) is a cross-platform, non-linear video editing
software based on libVLC and running on Windows, Linux and Mac OS X.
It is a free software distributed under the terms of the GPL v2.
This manual page documents briefly the
.B VLMC
video editor.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-help|-?
Outputs help.
.TP
.B \-\-project|\-p [filename|URI]
Specifies the file to open when VLMC starts.
If this is not specified, VLMC will load a blank file with an "Untitled Project" label.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Outputs version information and exits.
.SH FILES
.I ~/.config/vlmc/vlmc.conf
.RS
The configuration file of the VLMC.
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug, please report it at http://trac.videolan.org/vlmc/newticket?type=defect
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Rohit Yadav <rohityadav89@gmail.com>, for the Debian
GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
